LockBit/README.md, before:

# Decrypted LockBit Victim Information 

Following table contains the session key values of each LockBit victims decrypted by PTI team. The full report is available [here](https://www.prodaft.com/resource/detail/lockbit-behind-lines-lockbit-raas)

| Decrypted Victim Session Keys |
| :---------------------------- |
| B650A59B5CDC10A4              |
| A97C0EF22BA94E2C              |
| 6E666F3E3C2F723A              |
| F860BD05CDFB58FC              |
| C196AEFA616F43E8              |
| BCFD232514E67511              |
| BFC6A9D2D0084BF9              |
| BF093367EA73CB15              |
| 9DE69555E687651E              |
| 9A4E35D121A0607B              |
| C5CED4741A48FDCA              |
| E946144595E09D68              |
| DFCA74B80E03A55A              |
| BC8C5E36B5C29D12              |
| B823394FF088767E              |
| E740BC78A29978C6              |
| BD51B9680825F6F6              |
| E167AB3F96C481A8              |
| A04E9E39FFBF66E6              |
| AC9B7E7140BC5CE1              |
| AE42F3CC1AADFD05              |
| A1A9F4054DD23856              |
| 96D80207F6458976              |
| 93DAFC551343498E              |
| B6CD149B9DF48B31              |
| E16C90A4540B8678              |
| A0B456F8CF26B4BE              |
| ADB900951E5116A0              |
| A7DEE220C4D88CE9              |
| 975EEC67BA2BDDE2              |
| AF9B06D5540E3CC9              |
| AFE835B42433D00B              |
| B239964E628EC094              |
| C275865263F6BDC7              |
| AE3C15981436498B              |
| E02A8944A3442E92              |
| D12A016BC9B80079              |
| D6C9AC9BD32BC7D6              |
| 877D61CD236A69C4              |
| 9EA22E4687B9B5CD              |
| BA50869E59124E09              |
| 8DFA2A128B75E187              |
| D4DD519F63FE5AD8              |
| AE389ECF123D947F              |
| B8AD05253FAD75D9              |
| 94C61EB469535F86              |
| BED57BB298B42078              |
| D993B725CA690837              |
| E8D6E9B989212036              |
| A4BF7198A9A7D459              |
| F25C08C84320D96E              |
| C2EE0C903323CD8E              |
| D1143AEC0D47B6AF              |
| 88A4449D0AF08228              |
| AD59AF6CAF4D7C7C              |
| CC3304DD03F9A252              |
| C55F728D716CC7EB              |
| B0938B13C57AC7C6              |
| C1B8B231C259D1B9              |
| 851425C8506DB066              |
| A036A8B80042D4D6              |
| ACF7E940E00F8650              |
| 9C6AF2665F1995F3              |
| A75012A17106A81B              |
| 9EADA6D02ED3F92B              |
| D64E15D226436873              |
| BE1907BA229BCD40              |
| 9AEFCFE17C5115F1              |
| CD48242E7A03DB47              |
| EF30CE5EBD86A636              |
| D31B0E7C8041D62C              |
| A94C80768CC3EDDC              |
| C703B1A4738D9CAF              |

Commit message:

LockBit victim IDs, decryptors and report added.

LockBit/README.md, after:

# Decrypted LockBit Victim Information 

Since the release of our LockBit Analysis Report, threat actors released a new LockBit panel (LockBit v2) and closed down their old RaaS infrastructure. The following list of IDs and decryptors inside our repository are belong to the last batch of decrypted victims. Please check if it matches your organization as it was not possible for us to identify all victims based on the naming system of each affiliate.

Following table contains the session key values (unique ID) of LockBit victims decrypted but could not be identified by PTI team. The full report is available [here](https://www.prodaft.com/resource/detail/lockbit-behind-lines-lockbit-raas)

| Decrypted Victim Session Keys |
| :---------------------------- |
| B650A59B5CDC10A4              |
| A97C0EF22BA94E2C              |
| 6E666F3E3C2F723A              |
| F860BD05CDFB58FC              |
| C196AEFA616F43E8              |
| BCFD232514E67511              |
| BFC6A9D2D0084BF9              |
| BF093367EA73CB15              |
| 9DE69555E687651E              |
| 9A4E35D121A0607B              |
| C5CED4741A48FDCA              |
| E946144595E09D68              |
| DFCA74B80E03A55A              |
| BC8C5E36B5C29D12              |
| B823394FF088767E              |
| E740BC78A29978C6              |
| BD51B9680825F6F6              |
| E167AB3F96C481A8              |
| A04E9E39FFBF66E6              |
| AC9B7E7140BC5CE1              |
| AE42F3CC1AADFD05              |
| A1A9F4054DD23856              |
| 96D80207F6458976              |
| 93DAFC551343498E              |
| B6CD149B9DF48B31              |
| E16C90A4540B8678              |
| A0B456F8CF26B4BE              |
| ADB900951E5116A0              |
| A7DEE220C4D88CE9              |
| 975EEC67BA2BDDE2              |
| AF9B06D5540E3CC9              |
| AFE835B42433D00B              |
| B239964E628EC094              |
| C275865263F6BDC7              |
| AE3C15981436498B              |
| E02A8944A3442E92              |
| D12A016BC9B80079              |
| D6C9AC9BD32BC7D6              |
| 877D61CD236A69C4              |
| 9EA22E4687B9B5CD              |
| BA50869E59124E09              |
| 8DFA2A128B75E187              |
| D4DD519F63FE5AD8              |
| AE389ECF123D947F              |
| B8AD05253FAD75D9              |
| 94C61EB469535F86              |
| BED57BB298B42078              |
| D993B725CA690837              |
| E8D6E9B989212036              |
| A4BF7198A9A7D459              |
| F25C08C84320D96E              |
| C2EE0C903323CD8E              |
| D1143AEC0D47B6AF              |
| 88A4449D0AF08228              |
| AD59AF6CAF4D7C7C              |
| CC3304DD03F9A252              |
| C55F728D716CC7EB              |
| B0938B13C57AC7C6              |
| C1B8B231C259D1B9              |
| 851425C8506DB066              |
| A036A8B80042D4D6              |
| ACF7E940E00F8650              |
| 9C6AF2665F1995F3              |
| A75012A17106A81B              |
| 9EADA6D02ED3F92B              |
| D64E15D226436873              |
| BE1907BA229BCD40              |
| 9AEFCFE17C5115F1              |
| CD48242E7A03DB47              |
| EF30CE5EBD86A636              |
| D31B0E7C8041D62C              |
| A94C80768CC3EDDC              |
| C703B1A4738D9CAF              |
